
User Terms of Service Members subscribe to the Terms of Service Welcome to use the membership subscription service! In order to use the Member Subscription Service (hereinafter referred to as the "Member Subscription Service"), you should read and comply with the Member Subscription Service Terms (hereinafter referred to as the "Terms"). Please carefully read and fully understand the relevant contents of these Terms before accepting the use of member subscription services, and choose to accept or not accept.

The content of the subscription service When you pick up or pay to open a membership subscription, you can continue to access all advanced features within the Search Assistant for the duration of the corresponding service, such as unlimited daily times, no interruptions from ads, faster analysis speed, and preferential access to new features. (1) Annual subscription service With an annual subscription, you get 365 nature days of service. The service is an automatic renewal service provided to you under the premise that you have opened the membership subscription service. If you open the continuous bag service, it is deemed that you authorize the Access Assistant to deduct the annual subscription service fee for the next billing cycle from your own recharge account, third-party payment account bound to the Access Assistant account, bank card, communication account, iTunes account (the "account") when the membership subscription service you have opened is about to expire. The charge is deducted within 24 hours before the expiration of the charging period. You need to tie the Check Assistant account to the aforementioned account, and ensure that there is enough balance to support the withholding. If the renewal fails due to the insufficient balance of the above account, you will bear the corresponding consequences. You can cancel your existing continuous annual subscription service by: On the iOS device, "Settings" → "iTunes Store and App Store" → select "Apple ID" → click "View Apple ID" → click "Subscribe" → Unsubscribe on the account Settings page.
Paid services (a) You understand and agree that the member subscription service is a paid service, and the Assistant will charge the Internet value-added service fee; You can check the specific term of membership subscription service and corresponding fees on the relevant service page and choose the type of service by yourself. When the Member subscription function is enabled, no refund is available for the fees paid, regardless of whether you actually use the service or access the electronic content during the corresponding service period. (b) You understand and agree that the Assistant reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to revise the rates and rules relating to the Member Subscription Service from time to time, such standards and rules become effective upon publication and form a valid part of these Terms. If you do not agree with the above standards, Rules and amendments, you have the right to stop using the Membership Subscription Service. Your continued use of the Membership Subscription Service constitutes your consent to the Content. Iii. Disclaimer The General Search Assistant has the right to independently decide the specific content of the member subscription service according to the product plan and operation, and has the right to add or remove the electronic content or suspend or terminate some services that provide the member subscription service according to the copyright situation of the electronic content. The foregoing decision takes effect without notice, and you agree to waive liability for this. Software application
